# roberto#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  CAILLOU" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  CAILLOU
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/3
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  CORAJE EL PERRO COBARDE" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  CORAJE EL PERRO COBARDE
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  CUENTRO GREEM" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  CUENTRO GREEM
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/5
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  DINOSAURIOS 1991" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  DINOSAURIOS 1991
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  DRAGON BALL 1984" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  DRAGON BALL 1984
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/7
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  LOS SIMPSON" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  LOS SIMPSON
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  SOUTH PARK" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  SOUTH PARK
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/9
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  THE WALKING DEAD" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  THE WALKING DEAD
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/10
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 ALF" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 ALF
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/11
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 BARNY Y SUS AMIGOS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 BARNY Y SUS AMIGOS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/13
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 BATMAN 1966 RETRO" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 BATMAN 1966 RETRO
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/14
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 BOB ESPONJA" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 BOB ESPONJA
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/16
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 BREAKING  BAD" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 BREAKING  BAD
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/17
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 CABALLEROS DEL ZODIACO" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 CABALLEROS DEL ZODIACO
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/18
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 CANTINFLAS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 CANTINFLAS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/19
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 CSI: MIAMI" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 CSI: MIAMI
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/21
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Death note" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Death note
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/22
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 DESAFIO SOBRE FUEGO LATIN AMERICA" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 DESAFIO SOBRE FUEGO LATIN AMERICA
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/23
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 DRAGON  BALL SUPER" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 DRAGON  BALL SUPER
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/25
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 DRAGON BALL GT 1996" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 DRAGON BALL GT 1996
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/26
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 DRAGON BALL Z 1989" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 DRAGON BALL Z 1989
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/27
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 El Avispón Verde" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 El Avispón Verde
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/28
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 EL CHAPULIN COLORADO" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 EL CHAPULIN COLORADO
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/29
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 EL CHAVO DEL 8" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 EL CHAVO DEL 8
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/30
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 EL CHEMA" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 EL CHEMA
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/31
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 EL COYOTE Y CORRE CAMINOS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 EL COYOTE Y CORRE CAMINOS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/32
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 EL PATON DEL MAL" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 EL PATON DEL MAL
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/33
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 EL SEÑOR DE LOS CIELOS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 EL SEÑOR DE LOS CIELOS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/34
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 FUTURAMA 1999" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 FUTURAMA 1999
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/35
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 HAPPY TREE FRIENDS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 HAPPY TREE FRIENDS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/36
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 He-Man" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 He-Man
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/37
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 HÉROES EN PIJAMAS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 HÉROES EN PIJAMAS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/38
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 JUEGO DE TRONOS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 JUEGO DE TRONOS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/39
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LA CASA DE PAPEL" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LA CASA DE PAPEL
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/40
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LA FAMILIA MONSTERS 1964" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LA FAMILIA MONSTERS 1964
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/41
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LA HORA PICO" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LA HORA PICO
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/42
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LA PANTERA ROSA" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LA PANTERA ROSA
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/44
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LA RISA EN VACIONES" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LA RISA EN VACIONES
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/45
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LA ROSA DE GUADALUPE" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LA ROSA DE GUADALUPE
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/46
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LAZY TOWN" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LAZY TOWN
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/47
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LE TEMES ALA OSCURIDAD" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LE TEMES ALA OSCURIDAD
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/48
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LOS LOCOS ADDAMS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LOS LOCOS ADDAMS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/49
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LOS PICA PIEDRAS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LOS PICA PIEDRAS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/50
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LUIS MIGUEL LA SERIE 2018" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LUIS MIGUEL LA SERIE 2018
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Malcolm in the middle 2000" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Malcolm in the middle 2000
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/52
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Mazinger Z" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Mazinger Z
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/53
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Naruto" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Naruto
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/55
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Peliculas de terror" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Peliculas de terror
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/57
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 PELICULAS ESTRENOS 2018" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 PELICULAS ESTRENOS 2018
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/58
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 PEPPA PIG" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 PEPPA PIG
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/59
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 PINKY y CEREBRO" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 PINKY y CEREBRO
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/60
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Pokémon" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Pokémon
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/61
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 POWER RANGERS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 POWER RANGERS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/62
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 ROBOTECH" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 ROBOTECH
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/63
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 SAILOR MOON" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 SAILOR MOON
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/64
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Shark Tank México TEP 1" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Shark Tank México TEP 1
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/65
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Shark Tank México TEP 2" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Shark Tank México TEP 2
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/66
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 SHERA" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 SHERA
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/67
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 SMALLVILLE" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 SMALLVILLE
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/68
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 SPIDER-MAN" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 SPIDER-MAN
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/69
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 STRANGER THINGS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 STRANGER THINGS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/70
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 SUPER CAMPEONES" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 SUPER CAMPEONES
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/71
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 THUNDERCAST" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 THUNDERCAST
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/72
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 XMEN ANIME" tvg-logo="https://images3.alphacoders.com/867/thumb-1920-867349.png" group-title="24/7",24/7 XMEN ANIME
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/73
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:A&E Latinoamerica" tvg-logo="" group-title="ENTRETENIMIENTO",MrZutv.net:A&E Latinoamerica
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/258
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Animal Planet Latinoamérica" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:Animal Planet Latinoamérica
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/259
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Antena 3 Internacional" tvg-logo="" group-title="ENTRETENIMIENTO",MrZutv.net:Antena 3 Internacional
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/260
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Arts" tvg-logo="" group-title="ENTRETENIMIENTO",MrZutv.net:Arts
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/261
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Atreseries" tvg-logo="" group-title="ENTRETENIMIENTO",MrZutv.net:Atreseries
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/262
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Axn" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:Axn
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/263
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Azteca 7" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO",MrZutv.net:Azteca 7
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/264
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Azteca Uno" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO",MrZutv.net:Azteca Uno
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/265
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Baby TV México" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÑOS",MrZutv.net:Baby TV México
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/266
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Boomerang Mexico" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÑOS",MrZutv.net:Boomerang Mexico
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/267
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Canal 22 Nacional" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO",MrZutv.net:Canal 22 Nacional
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/268
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Canal 22.2" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO",MrZutv.net:Canal 22.2
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/269
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Canal 5" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO",MrZutv.net:Canal 5
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/270
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Canal 6 Nacional" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO",MrZutv.net:Canal 6 Nacional
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/271
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Canal Catorce" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO",MrZutv.net:Canal Catorce
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/272
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Canal del Congreso 45.1" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO",MrZutv.net:Canal del Congreso 45.1
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/273
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Cartoon Network Mexico" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÑOS",MrZutv.net:Cartoon Network Mexico
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/274
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Cinecanal Oeste" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Cinecanal Oeste
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/275
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:CineLatino" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:CineLatino
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/276
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Cinemax" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Cinemax
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/277
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Claro Sports" tvg-logo="" group-title="DEPORTES",MrZutv.net:Claro Sports
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/278
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:CNN en Español" tvg-logo="" group-title="NOTICIAS",MrZutv.net:CNN en Español
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/279
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:CNN International Latin America" tvg-logo="" group-title="NOTICIAS",MrZutv.net:CNN International Latin America
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/280
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Comedy Central" tvg-logo="" group-title="ENTRETENIMIENTO",MrZutv.net:Comedy Central
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/281
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:CV Directo" tvg-logo="" group-title="ENTRETENIMIENTO",MrZutv.net:CV Directo
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/282
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Discovery Channel" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:Discovery Channel
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/283
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Discovery Home & Health" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:Discovery Home & Health
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/284
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Discovery Kids América Latina" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÑOS",MrZutv.net:Discovery Kids América Latina
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/285
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Discovery Turbo" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:Discovery Turbo
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/286
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Disney Channel México" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÑOS",MrZutv.net:Disney Channel México
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/287
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Disney Junior Mexico" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÑOS",MrZutv.net:Disney Junior Mexico
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/288
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Disney XD Mexico" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÑOS",MrZutv.net:Disney XD Mexico
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/289
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:E! Latinoamerica" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:E! Latinoamerica
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/290
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Espn 1" tvg-logo="" group-title="DEPORTES",MrZutv.net:Espn 1
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/291
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Espn 2" tvg-logo="" group-title="DEPORTES",MrZutv.net:Espn 2
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/292
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:ESPN 3 Norte" tvg-logo="" group-title="DEPORTES",MrZutv.net:ESPN 3 Norte
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/293
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Exa TV" tvg-logo="" group-title="DEPORTES",MrZutv.net:Exa TV
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/294
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:FoX Channel" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:FoX Channel
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/295
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Fox Life" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:Fox Life
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/296
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Action" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Action
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/297
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Cinema" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Cinema
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/298
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Classics" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Classics
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/299
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Family Oeste" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Family Oeste
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/300
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Movies" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Movies
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/301
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Series Oeste" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Series Oeste
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/302
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Fox Sports 1" tvg-logo="" group-title="DEPORTES",MrZutv.net:Fox Sports 1
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/303
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Fox Sports 2" tvg-logo="" group-title="DEPORTES",MrZutv.net:Fox Sports 2
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/304
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Fox Sports 3 Latin America" tvg-logo="" group-title="DEPORTES",MrZutv.net:Fox Sports 3 Latin America
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/305
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:FX" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:FX
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/306
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:FXM Oeste" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:FXM Oeste
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/307
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:HBO" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:HBO
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/308
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:HBO + Latinoamerica" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:HBO + Latinoamerica
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/309
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:HBO 2 Latinoamerica" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:HBO 2 Latinoamerica
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/310
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:HBO Family Latinoamerica" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:HBO Family Latinoamerica
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/311
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:HBO Latinoamérica" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:HBO Latinoamérica
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/312
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Hbo Xtreme" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Hbo Xtreme
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/313
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:History 2 Latinoamérica" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:History 2 Latinoamérica
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/314
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:History Latinoamérica" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:History Latinoamérica
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/315
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Hola! TV América Latina" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:Hola! TV América Latina
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/316
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:HTV (USA)" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUSICA",MrZutv.net:HTV (USA)
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/317
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:I-Sat" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:I-Sat
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/318
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Imagen TV" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO",MrZutv.net:Imagen TV
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/319
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Ingenio TV" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO",MrZutv.net:Ingenio TV
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/320
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net: Investigation Discovery" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net: Investigation Discovery
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/321
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Justicia TV" tvg-logo="" group-title="ENTRETENIMIENTO",MrZutv.net:Justicia TV
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/322
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:La Mejor TV" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUSICA",MrZutv.net:La Mejor TV
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/323
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Las Estrellas México" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO",MrZutv.net:Las Estrellas México
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/324
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Lifetime LatinoamErica" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:Lifetime LatinoamErica
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/325
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:MC" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:MC
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/326
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Milenio TV" tvg-logo="" group-title="NOTICIAS",MrZutv.net:Milenio TV
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/327
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:MTV Hits Europe" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUSICA",MrZutv.net:MTV Hits Europe
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/328
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:MTV Latino" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUSICA",MrZutv.net:MTV Latino
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/329
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:MultiPremier" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:MultiPremier
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/330
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:MVS TV" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUSICA",MrZutv.net:MVS TV
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/331
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Nat Geo Kids" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÑOS",MrZutv.net:Nat Geo Kids
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/332
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:National Geographic Norte" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:National Geographic Norte
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/333
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:National Geographic Wild" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:National Geographic Wild
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/334
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Nick Jr Latin America" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÑOS",MrZutv.net:Nick Jr Latin America
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/335
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Nickelodeon Norte" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÑOS",MrZutv.net:Nickelodeon Norte
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/336
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:NickMusic" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÑOS",MrZutv.net:NickMusic
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/337
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Once" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO",MrZutv.net:Once
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/338
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Once niñas y niños" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO",MrZutv.net:Once niñas y niños
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/339
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Paramount Network Latin America" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Paramount Network Latin America
http://5.9.30.198:2086/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/awedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbgawedrgaesrfgtbsrethbgwrtbg/340
